Added security (#1554)
dart-lang/language: working/static metaprogramming/intro.md

door to user-code that locks the IDE. How do we ensure that users maintain a
fast edit refresh cycle when arbitrary Dart code may be running during compilation?

### Security

> Ensure that the user has visibility on the execution of the macro, minimizing threats
> of malicious code injected which could run when the user opens the IDE for example. 
> Scope and perhaps limit write/execution access of macros access in the host machine which
> could write a binary executable with data stored in a .dart file. Today, when a user
> downloads a .dart code from the web and executes it, he is fully aware of the execution.
> In addition, the compiler is not capable of call executables or scripts that the user
> creates in .dart (although it does call other parts of the framework).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, users are fully aware of exactly when third party code (excluding code from the sdk) might be
executed (only when they explicitly run a program). This will change with this proposal, since it involves
running user code as a part of the compilation and likely program analysis process. This means that
even opening your IDE for instance could expose you to malicious code if we aren't careful.

In order  to minimize the threat of malicious code which could run in these contexts, will will likely need to
limit the read/write/execution access of macro code, including access to ffi or other libraries which might
enable that same access.

One possible way to do this would to be to explicitly limit the `dart:` libraries that are available for use at
compile time.
```

Author: Sounds great!
